Bill, Dwight, and Scott constitute the primary reason for my departure from Shell Offshore Incorporated.  
Their managerial ineptitude reveals the abysmal state of Shell management, its petty, secular nativity.  
These three personify the venal nature of Shell and their promotions testify to the fact that this venality is endemic to Shell. 
Bill took it upon himself to maliciously and noxiously vilify me.
Virtually every conversation with him was filled with intimidation. 
I was expected to succumb to his every whim, regardless of hardship to myself or economic waste to the company. 
His attacks were so pernicious that the majority of my energies became directed toward warding him off.  
My only reward for completing a virtually impossibly assignment in the time allotted was an even heavier assignment.
The pretence was that, if I completed it, his abuse would lessen. 
When I objected to either the ghastly work load or the ludicrous time constraints I was succinctly informed “you are paid to do as you are told” and “not everyone at Shell has a job that requires thinking”.  
When I stated that was demoralizing to endure long hours of tedious monotonous work, he informed me that a person can work more hours when they don’t have to think, and anyway, “thinking is exhausting”.
Well, everything is fine.  
I exist solely to be ordered about. 
Why did I work to obtain an education that stressed creativity and original thought? 
Simple - so I could not use this creativity, and be happy that someone who has not thought for fifteen years can tell me that my sole purpose is not to think, but to correlate events. 
No more, no less. 
I am nothing bu a vehicle performing mechanical tasks. 
I must follow entrenched behaviour.  
There should be no erasures on my maps, and my colours are to be precisely the width demand by Bill.  
This is the life I have always yearned for, obedience to non thought.
Scott, Bill's supervisor, was clearly in accord with these superb managerial tactics.
Perhaps he is even responsible for nurturing Bill's goals.  
If he did not openly encourage maltreatment, not only of myself, but of his entire Exploration District, he at least condoned such abuse by his silence.
After a week in this group, I became conscious of widespread malcontent, depression and malaise.
Scott was so ineffectual as a manager that every professional wanted a transfer out of his District.
He never showed any concerns for communicating with anybody other than Bill, his favoured sycophant.
Why should Scott and Bill care that skilled professionals were despondent and hostile toward their supervisor?
He totally ignored the volatile situation between Bill and me.
It took more than three months of open hostility before he decided it might be politic to listen to my story.
Then, his most pertinent comment was that I appeared to be sensitive to abuse.
Damn right I'm sensitive to abuse!  This one statement demonstrates his admission to knowledge of Bill's supervisory malpractice.




